Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
One day.
all men fell asleep…
And all the fences
on Earth
burst into flames.
-You stay out of this!
-Keep out of this. bitch!
Come on!
Get them. Rá!
That machete is too big for you!
You can't do it!
Hey!
Rá. gimme a break!
How many times
do I have to tell you?
Don't make trouble around here!
You'll bring the cops in! Stop…
I saw you taking my corner!
I fucking saw. didn't I?
And I don't ever wanna see
this negro here again! Assholes!
You assholes better not
ever come around here again!
Take a look at this…
How much do you want for this…?
Gimme 45… 40.000.
and that's final.
You're kidding me!
For that thing?
30 grand?
-40. and that's final.
-No way.
-I'll give you 30. not one peso more.
-You're trying to rip me off!
Hey. Winny!
I can give you 35.
-Here's 35.
-I'm leaving.
-What's up. kid?
-What's new. bro?
And you. scumbag?
-How is it going?
-And you?
-What's up. Nano?
-Hey Winny! My bro.
-Look…
-Bro. what happened to you?
Nothing… You know how it is.
-Bro. come over here.
-It's nothing.
I told you it's nothing. Rá!
-Leave me alone. it's fine!
-You were partying!
Patch it!
Hey. get me the water.
-Put that watch away.
-Relax. bro. Relax.
Hey. You really scored. kid!
-Show me your hand!
-What's up. bro?
-Hold it.
-Easy man. that hurts.
If you were man enough to get knifed.
you can take this. kid!
Bro!
Let me blow some smoke on it…
Yeah. blow some smoke on it.
gimme some energy. man.
Easy. man. that hurts.
I know. kid!
I know it hurts!
That's good. man.
What's up. negro?
-Hi! Good evening!
-All good?
Where have you kids been hiding?
-Just hanging out.
-Well. you're damn hard to find.
-What's up. negro?
-What's up. baby?
How've you been?
What's wrong with your arm?
-Just a little trouble…
-Let me see.
Come here.
A little trouble. he says.
Can't you see. that cut
is infected?
Take this cotton and
clean it up with this.
But suck on this lollipop first
so it doesn't hurt. because…
-Here.
-Energy. man.
He gets a lollipop?
Sure. so it won't hurt.
-What a baby!
-You're jealous.
Don't be. he's injured
and this is gonna hurt.
Morning. ma'am.
Let me help you with that cart.
-Good morning. Miss Teresa.
-Morning. Miss Gladys.
-Thanks. God bless you. son.
-My pleasure. ma'am.
That's the way. Sere!
-God bless you. ma'am.
-Have a nice day. son.
So. negro. what do
you got for me?
-I've been looking all over for you.
-Really? Why?
The letter has arrived.
The Land Restitution letter
that you were waiting for.
I've got it right here.
Look.
Look. For Brayan Andrés.
Here it is.
Administration office…
Read it out loud
so I can hear.
-Don't you know how to read?
-That's how I read…
Read it loud!
It says: "Legal Notice.
Civil Circuit Court No. 12.
Ruling 2-52 conceded land rights
through the restitution process
to the victim of forced displacement
known as Gilma Ledesma.
This document hereby notifies
Mr. Brayan Andrés Villegas Ledesma.
as legal representative
of the aforementioned.
that he is to present himself
to the Bajo Cauca Regional
Land Restitution Office
with all the documentation
requested below.
before proceeding to the transfer
of Lot 3-51. located in Nechí.
in compliance with the Victims
and Land Restoration Law
outlined in the Peace Agreement.
Please follow the steps
indicated below."
That land is yours!
That's great news!
-Finally. bro! You did it!
-A dream come true!
Let me read it.
Let's have a smoke out back
and chill out.
-Negro. can you do me a favor?
-What is it?
The boys are exhausted.
Do you have an empty room
so we can rest?
You have money?
The boss is always coming by.
And without the money
I'll get in trouble with him.
-Yeah. I get it. negro.
-Okay.
God bless you.
You made my day anyway!
You deserve it. honey.
Rá. do me a favor.
Don't let those boys
hang out there too long.
Okay. negro!
OFFICE OF LAND RESTITUTION
FAMILIES DISPLACED
IN NECHÍ. ANTIOQUIA
Rá. brother!
Did negro give us a room?
No. man. no room.
That negro is an asshole…
Rá. you think that letter
is for real?
You're still doubting. bro?
-I can't believe it. bro!
-How can you say that. bro?
You've seen all the shit
I've had to go through!
-Winny. you believe me?
-Of course I do.
-Sere?
-I'm with you all the way.
Okay. bro.
Now we're talking.
Let's go get what's ours.
You don't believe me?
Check out the Land Title yourself!
What else do you need? Huh?
Let's do it. man!
The chain…
…and the ring.
Great.
Here's your share.
Count it…
-I trust you. man.
-Okay.
Thanks. bro!
That's it! A done deal!
-We're all set!
-Great!
Hey. Rá!
What's up. Rá?
Were you gonna leave me behind?
What's wrong with this asshole?
You running out on me?
What's the deal?
-What do you mean?
-Tell me!
Negro said you were leaving town.
leaving me behind!
You know that Land
belongs to both of us!
You're taking those three idiots?
-So what are you putting up?
-Idiot!
Where's your share
for the trip?
What am I putting up?
This bike here!
This piece of shit?
That's not enough!
Let's see… some money…
And this chain here! It's nice!
-Don't you dare!
-It's nice!
Okay. enough. Enough!
Cut it out.
What's your problem. asshole?
Go! Stop!
Calm down!
-Piece of shit!
-Enough! I said enough!
Okay… Back off.
No. man…
-Relax.
-These brats are full of shit!
Don't mess with the kids.
You wanna come with?
Start by calming down…
Listen to me…
Fuck up again like that
and I'll throw you in the river.
Hear me out because
I'm not bullshitting.
Word. man.
I'm serious.
Leave the kids alone.
Okay. bro.
Now pick up your bike and relax.
That asshole always
wants what's yours!
Never mind. we shut him up good.
That's enough. man!
Calm down now.
Come on. bro!
Hook that bike on here!
Come on. driver!
Step on it . bro!
Hey. Sere!
Check out this picture. bro.
-Winny. take our picture!
-Yeah!
Souvenir!
Let's do it!
-Push it hard. Rá!
-Take the lead. Rá! Come on!
That's it. bro!
Downhill all the way!
Good luck!
End of the line. bro!
That's it. bro!
-Tell me!
-How'd it go?
My bro.
That's it.
Sir. gimme two bags of chips
and a soda. please.
Sir…
Friend…
Can I have two bags of chips
and a soda. please?
What's up. Rá?
Hold this. kid.
Make a wish…
-Don't be stupid!
-What do you want. huh?
I wanna get to my land
with all of you.
Dude!
Look at that. dude!
We gotta have faith. bro!
We're gonna get there!
Come on. Sere. your turn!
What are you talking about?
None of those wishes will come true.
Bro!
-What's your wish. bro?
-Here it is!
-Shit!
-I hit it!
Asshole!
Come on. Sere. let's do it!
Go on. Sere!
Oh. shit!
Good one. Sere! Come on!
We're going to heaven!
Now you. Winny!
-That's it. Winny! Good shot!
-Let's do this!
-Yeah!
-Your turn. Nano! Give me!
-Go on. Nano!
-My turn!
Nano. Nano! Go on!
Good one!
I'm speechless. man.
All those cows and land
with no owners.
no houses… Speechless.
Shit. kid. all of that
belongs to somebody.
How could somebody own it?
As far as the eye can see.
it's all owned by somebody.
You see any houses?
Any people taking care of it?
Everything in this world
has an owner. Everything.
So what's that thing down there?
Is that a mule?
A mule? Are you stupid?
Can't you tell it's a cow?
-Are you high or what?
-You're crazy. bro!
You're crazy too. kid!
It looks like a horse to me.
And you're a bum!
Lay off that bag. Nano!
Yeah. get rid of that glue!
Those cows have it
a lot easier than us.
I was thinking the same thing.
But that's the life we were given!
So suck it up!
You know how it is. bro.
-Okay. let's go see life.
-But you know what?
-Hey. Nano!
-Careful! Are you nuts?
Let's go!
Bro!
-Speechless. man!
-Bro!
For real!
Nano. let's go!
Speechless!
-Culebro. let's go!
-Speechless!
Good one!
Watch it. jerk!
Feeling happy. are you?
Watch out. asshole!
Shit!
-Swing it hard!
-Shit!
-Oh. shit!
-They're leaving!
Touch it!
Let's see…
-Put a finger on it!
-Grab it!
Grab it hard!
Harder!
You always think
you're better at everything!
Harder! Go on!
This one is!
-Shit!
Speechless…
Speechless. bro.
Whoever holds it longest
is the hardest.
Shit!
Come here. it's not that bad!
Gimme your hand!
-Hold it! Hold it tight. bro!
-Now I really feel it!
Don't let go!
Fucking great!
Bring it in closer. Sere.
Shit! Sere…
Leave it there. you'll see.
-Trust me. Sere.
-That's it.
What does it feel like?
A cramp.
A cramp? That's great!
It doesn't feel the same
as the other hand. but I feel it.
But you feel it.
It moves on its own.
Watch you don't fall.
Hello. boys!
Welcome!
How are you?
Are you hungry?
Thirsty?
Would you like to have something?
God bless you. ma'am!
Thank you.
Good. thanks.
FREEDOM AND ORDER
Let's go inside ladies. these boys
turned out really shy!
-Dude!
-Soap!
Get the fuck away!
Culebro. don't!
You jerks!
Now you. negro!
His hair's like a sponge!
Chicken soup. negro!
Chicken soup!
Catch that chicken soup!
Shit. you guys…
She likes it. shit!
Take it easy with the chicken!
See how she's enjoying it?
We should let her go.
she's getting all…
Oh. God bless you. ma'am.
Take it easy. boys.
there's plenty for everyone.
-My God.
-You guys…
Eat up now.
it's made with love.
Would you like some more?
God bless you. ma'am.
God bless!
Thank you God for this food.
-God bless this food.
-Amen.
-Amen. bro.
Amen. bro.
You know it.
Hey. you guys…
She gives a good blowjob.
I gotta say.
No…
You're such a chatterbox.
I won't say another word.
Next time just shut up. bro.
Honey. breakfast is ready.
-Scoot over. Rá.
-Hey. kid. How are you?
Eat up.
And you. son? How old are you?
Nineteen.
And very well raised.
Broad-chested.
And you. where are you from?
From Apartadó.
Yeah…
What do you have there?
-Show her.
-Easy. easy!
Gloria. bring me the Isodine
and some cotton and Band-aids!
How did you do this?
Some asshole knifed me.
I can see you're trouble. honey.
You like to fight!
-A real firecracker.
-Is he now?
A little spark!
Am I right?
Hold this and I'll
put some gauze on it.
I'll hold it. kid.
It's really big…
-Yes. he should have stitches.
-It's nothing!
Behave yourself son.
so they'll kill you last.
Okay…
Now leave it alone.
Bro. why don't we just stay here?
What do you mean?
Haven't you seen?
These old ladies are real nice.
-There's beds. blankets. a roof…
-No…
So where are you headed. boys?
To Nechí. ma'am.
What are you going to do there?
Reclaim some land. ma'am.
-Who left you land?
-My grandma. praise God.
How will you get the land back?
The government is giving it back.
-Really?
-Yes. ma'am.
The Land Restitution program?
Yes. ma'am. praise God.
Well. don't tell anyone
where you're going or why.
-Why not?
-Things are dangerous there now.
You're better off
not saying a word.
-You think so. ma'am?
-Yes.
Be very careful.
What's the matter with you. negro?
Show some respect. old man!
We're not doing you any harm. man!
Show some respect for
the kid. old man!
That's enough. boys.
no fighting now.
Is he crazy or just drunk?
Adriana. take that customer
out of here. he's trouble.
I hope he tries something
with her. we'll show him.
Calm down.
Never mind. Nano.
the guy forgot to take his pills.
The old guy's fried.
There's a pond on the plains.
where clear water bubbles up.
Beautiful. pure. and cool.
below an araguaney tree.
There's a pond on the plains.
where clear water bubbles up.
Beautiful. pure. and cool.
below an araguaney tree.
That's why in my cabin
everything is happy and sweet.
Your tenderness covers me.
your grace and your virtue!
Together. you and my spring
adorn my plains.
adorn these plains.
What a place!
Pills are always a winner. bro!
Oh. okay…
In my own perfect world.
if you don't want to exist.
you don't have to.
I want to own a world.
I don't wanna fall asleep.
I don't wanna get old.
I'd like to be invisible.
like a shadow.
Freedom. with the eternal ones…
always present.
Get in you assholes! Get in. now!
We haven't done anything!
We were just chilling!
Good evening. Father.
Good evening. don Santiago.
God bless you. boys.
Amen. Father.
-Amen.
-Amen. Father.
Five of them…
Shut up. assholes!
Shut the fuck up!
Sere!
Shut it or we'll fucking kill you!
Don't move!
Stay right there!
Let him go!
Let go of him.
he's coming with us!
Let me go!
This is all your fault!
What do you mean it's my fault?
What the fuck?
You got a problem. asshole?
-Rá. bro. listen!
-Motherfucker!
We were fine where we were!
Rá!
Motherfucker!
The papers. bro!
So why did you follow us?
We were fine
back where we were!
Get lost. asshole!
What happened to Nano.
should have happened to you!
Rá! I lost the papers!
I dropped the title!
I dropped them!
-You've got them!
-No. I don't!
Do you have them?
-That asshole has them!
-You have them. motherfucker!
-I don't have shit!
-Give them to me!
-I said give them to me!
Motherfucker!
I told you.
I don't have them!
-Fuck!
-Calm down. man!
Fuck! The papers!
Rá. bro. don't!
Go. go. go!
Hey. Rá!
Fucking Culebro took off
with our food!
No words for that asshole.
Come on in.
Hand me the cups.
Where are you headed?
We're going to Nechí.
To reclaim a piece of land
the paramilitaries stole from
my grandma a long time ago.
You're taking care of those kids
as if they were your own?
Sure.
They're my family.
They've got nobody.
Me neither.
We're all alone.
We keep each other company and…
I just want to take them
some place where we'll be okay.
Where we'll have what we need.
Where nobody beats us up.
or humiliates
or looks down on us.
Where we can all
do whatever we want.
And fight for what we believe in.
That's all I want.
You really think the government
will give you that land back?
Yes. I do.
I have faith they will.
So why do the men in charge
around here leave you alone?
They think I'm crazy.
These lands have
different plans for everyone. son.
Have some. bro.
They say water is
the blood of this world.
It's raining now.
and with its tears.
it bathes the land.
And with my blood.
I bathe the land.
The river that has formed
floods this valley.
It carries away the memory
of my ancestors…
Yours…
Theirs…
Ours.
The eager ocean awaits.
The eager ocean awaits me.
There is no harbor anymore.
Hey!
You're lucky the old man let you stay.
you son of a bitch!
You'll only ever be
a shitty little leech!
All these lands
are full of gold. boys.
That river over there
will take you where you're going.
It's a wild river.
so be very careful.
Stay alive. kids.
Where the hell are we. Rá?
Always acting like
he knows everything!
And he has no idea!
You wanna get killed. kid?
Gimme the papers. motherfucker! Rá!
Motherfucker!
-We're gonna have this out!
-Let's do it!
-Get off me!
-You think you're a big man. asshole?
Come on. asshole!
-What the fuck?
-You cut him!
You really think you're
gonna keep the land
and all the gold for yourself?
So you're gonna kill me?
They won't give you the land!
Give me the fucking title!
What gold. asshole?
-Let me go!
-Piece of shit!
I wasn't taking anything
from you. Culebro!
Let go of me!
You're not taking that land. Rá!
You fucking leech!
Fuck you. pussy!
Culebro!
Hey. Culebro!
I thought you were tough!
Come on. get up!
Stop trying to scare me!
Hey!
Get up!
Culebro!
GROCERY STORE "EL PROGRESO"
Brayan Andrés Villegas Ledesma.
Brayan Andrés?
-Yes. ma'am.
-Villegas Ledesma?
Yes. ma'am.
-Did you bring the paperwork?
-Here…
Wait a minute…
-Is this all you have?
-Yes. ma'am.
Who was Mrs. Gilma Ledesma?
My grandmother.
Your grandmother…
And who are they. relatives?
They're friends.
but they're like brothers.
They're my family.
Let me see your
identification. please.
So Gilma was the victim
of forced displacement
and she filed the Lawsuit …
That's right.
What about your parents?
Well. my mom…
She died long ago…
I haven't heard from my dad
since they kicked us off the land.
And my grandmother
left me the land.
So your grandmother left the title
in your name?
That's right.
So you're the sole heir.
Yes. ma'am.
Okay… You're missing
your mother's birth certificate.
and her death certificate.
Wait here a moment.
Brayan Andrés…
The land is. in fact. yours…
The Court ruled in your favor.
Unfortunately. it's not that easy.
What do you mean?
The ruling has been appealed.
And although technically
the land is yours…
there are other several law suits
pending on those titles.
So the case has to go back to court.
I suggest you hire a lawyer.
a legal consultant.
Basically. it's like starting
the process over again. from scratch.
So…
Ma'am. what do you mean?
Is that all you have to say?
Do you know how long
I've been fighting for this?
All the paperwork I had to do
in Medellín just to get here!
To claim what is mine!
My grandmother died
waiting for this. ma'am!
Do I have to die too
to get what's mine?
I'm not asking for any favors!
It's mine!
I'm doing it all legal!
I brought all the papers
and now you're saying "no"?
I'm not asking for any favors!
I'm not stealing anything!
It's mine!
I came all the way here.
I brought all the paperwork!
To claim what is mine!
Mine!
What my grandmother left me!
She fought hard to get it back
and she left it to me!
To nobody else!
It belongs to us and nobody else!
What is this bullshit?
Get serious. man!
You people show some respect!
Rá… Bro!
Hey. bro!
Sere! Hey. Sere!
Bro!
Come on. bro!
Get up. you guys!
Sere. bro!
Get up. man!
Let's get out of here!
Fucking horrible town.
Human beings are fucking horrible.
When do we get to our land?
Don't worry. kid.
Once we get there we'll take
revenge on this fucked up world.
You said it. bro.
TIRES
Get over there!
Get the fuck over there!
Fill this thing up!
Faster!
-You need help or what?
-No.
-No. what?
-No. sir.
Then get the fucking lead out!
Don't you dare call the police!
-Take it easy…
-What do you mean "take it easy"?
-Everything's fine.
-Damn right it is!
-Take it easy. man.
-I am!
Keep your mouth shut!
We do solemnly declare that.
from this moment on.
we are all equal.
From this moment on.
no one shall have more
than anyone else.
no one shall be worth more
and all men shall
run free and wild.
How strong I am
because of my hate!
because of your hate!
Rá. bro!
Rá! they're gonna kill us! Shit!
Rá. now they're really gonna kill us!
Rá! They're gonna kill us!
Good afternoon. ma'am.
-Good afternoon.
-Hello.
What can I get you boys?
Ma'am. can you tell us
how to get to La Sirga?
La Sirga?
Look. it's this piece of land.
Honey. come here a minute!
Can you help these boys?
-Afternoon. boys. how are you?
-Good afternoon. sir.
-How is everything?
-Fine. sir.
Isn't this the Ledesma's land?
That's right.
The Ledesmas are my family.
You're Gilma's grandson?
Yes. sir. she was my grandma.
May she rest in peace.
You're very close. son.
but be very careful.
You know this land isn't
as peaceful as it looks.
Yes. sir.
We'll be careful.
Nobody comes around here…
not anymore.
We're the only ones left.
-Can I ask you something?
-Go ahead. son.
Aside from my grandma.
did you know my mom?
What was she like?
She was a lovely person.
a very nice person.
A nice family.
she got along with everyone.
With everyone around here.
when we still had neighbors.
She was sorely missed.
May God bless them.
So keep going. boys.
until you come to a big fence.
Turn off and walk
for about 10 minutes.
until you come to some fallen trees.
You'll pass a big mango tree.
and that's her land.
Your grandma's land.
Up against a big hill.
Thank you. sir.
God bless you.
Take this so
you don't get hungry.
God bless you. sir.
May God repay you. sir.
-Good luck to you.
-Thank you very much.
-Be very careful.
-Yes. ma'am.
They won't be looking down on us now!
Let's go get ours. bro!
Winny…
Do you see that horse over there?
Of course I do!
Why?
What's wrong with you?
What is it. bro?
The place is full of gold!
Trying to camp out here. assholes?
What do you think this is?
You think this place
has no owner?
Huh? You think it belongs to nobody?
Just because the boss isn't here?
You think you can do
whatever you want? Huh?
Leave now!
Do we have to make you leave?
This land has an owner.
It belongs to my boss!
This is no game. pussies.
It's no game.
Nothing to say. idiots?
You're nothing but fucking trash!
I had a dream the other day…
What did you dream?
That all men fell asleep.
Except for us.
THE KINGS OF THE WORLD